So now that we finished the training reducer let's add it to the training module.
And that is new we don't it to the app module because it's loaded lazily.
So in the training module let's word something from at ngi our X store.
And that something simply is our store and module again this one.
Now India imports array of detraining module.
I'll use the store module with the four feature method which you use to add reducer for a feature module.
So here I'll use that and I'll need my reducer for that.
Import my training reducer from my training dog.
Reduce her file like this.
And I guess I need to rename it
yet.
Here should be named training reducer of course not off reducer.
So with that I import training reducer and install a module for feature.
I now want to add my training reducer.
It works a bit differently than the for loop method though.
First they give this slyest a name training and then I pass the reducer.
Now I guess this makes sense though because if you think about the app module and the app reducer there
we had this reducer map and we had identifiers you could say 40 different slices of the state and each
identifier hold a reference to a reducer.
Now in the training reducer we don't have that and we have no place to set this up.
That's why four feature gives us a chance to give this slyest a unique identifier.
Now that is how we add this when using lazy loading.
Now I still want to be able to get my select office going.
So I'll go back to my training reducer for that.
And we had a helper functions at the bottom.
Now I'll actually add more.
Our export number a constant number of function will be in the end which is simply named get training
State year all use create feature selector which I need to import from the store.
So create feature selector and that's all the import creates selector So imports debt and call create
feature selector here and get my training state.
Now this year this identifier has to match the identifier you set up you're in for a feature in your
training module.
So now we get this it's a generic type and the type will just be my training state which I have in the
reducer here with that.
This is my feature selector.
Now I'd like to create a number selector for my available exercises and so on.
The problem just is I already got the names get getaway exercises and this and so on.
So what I'll do instead is all move these functions here since it's in the same file below my feature
selector just to have a clear structure which is easy to understand and I'll change them a bit instead
of just having this arrow function you're all Coale create selector to create a selector we can use
with engine X and then reach out to my get training state function as a first argument and then pass
this arrow function which I find in a separate function before manually as a second argument.
So here gets training state it gives us access to the entire state slice and this arrow function then
takes this state slice and picks the available exercises from it.
And this is the pattern I will now repeat.
So for get finished exercises I also use create selector get my training state and then used this arrow
function and the same for the active training create selector gets Yaro function.
The second argument the first argument should actually be did get training state function with that.
Does this now all prepared.
Now we can start using this.
Let's use it in the next lecture.